back for more huh
it's time to put in some work
don't worry I'll make this quick I'm
gonna run right through you chump
fighting days
freight train to hit you that's me now I
want to shut all you haters out there
look who's here
well if it ain't America's most loyal
pet police composite don't do justice to
yo ugly face shut your mouth when there
weren't you boy my wolf some real
competition crack could use the exercise
shut your mouth what are you doing here
crow oh you know just thought I'd come
by see how my new club is doing just a
matter of time before we take this place
over you better watch your step uh-oh
takeoff entity and this bounced elephant
oh one more thing
any fighters here that want to make some
real money
you best join up with me before it's too
late thanks for the hospitality
see you soon yo man I got a bunch of new
flats it just came in you can come down
and check it out
hey thing I don't know what you heard
but crows really been messing with our
shit it's getting bad out there man
we're losing gloves and don't to start
no ball no time for looks and I hit me
back
me Mom 13 in lost disease the bag bit
he's back of the motorbike you got for
the proof of me